Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn! .....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!‚Äù  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more? ....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they‚Äôre a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted... ....they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we don‚Äôt need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject...... ‚ÄúWe all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they‚Äôre calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin‚Äôs,.... If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp; racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp; unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S. When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp; their horrible &amp; disgusting actions! ....with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp; pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer! China‚Äôs 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal.... We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Fed‚Äôs antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow! ....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020! So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, ‚ÄúRACIST.‚Äù Their disgusting language..... Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats! https://t.co/KBtl7wde0F https://t.co/YaiCXrxYQq .....Sorry, can‚Äôt let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved! Friday‚Äôs tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the children‚Äôs detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals...... RT @Joy_Villa: This is what the 'new conservative movement' looks like  https://t.co/10b4pnxoNT #FoxBusiness @usminority  @MariaBartiromo RT @debragarrett: @usminority I love President Trump!! #Trump2020Landslide RT @Jbrc4E: @usminority Thank you for loving America. RT @JJmyriteload: @usminority great video RT @MsMaimie: @usminority üëèüèªüëèüèªüëèüèªüëèüèªüëèüèª I am so thankful you saw the light!!! RT @gatorfin40: @usminority Preach it brother Brandon!! RT @bellavochi: @usminority That was powerful thank you! RT @kenpgentry: @usminority Great job Sir. Keep the fires burning. The TRUTH WILL win out! RT @RikerJacqui: @usminority Great job Brandon üëçüèª‚ù§Ô∏è RT @PattiLy79084071: @usminority This film is AMAZING!  You‚Äôve got tremendous courage! RT @CuddlyAnimal1: @usminority You are an inspiration. I applaud your courage. RT @MarloweMacinty1: @usminority You nailed it! Thanks, Brandon Straka! RT @dtvaneps: @usminority Bravo Brandon RT @teamzachy: @usminority Love this! You're awesome RT @Bamilan6: @usminority Frm Zimbabwe I stand with Pres Trump, so sick of CNN pundits, haters RT @akita915: @usminority Amen! You got it right Brandon!üôèüèªüá∫üá∏ RT @mhmarsh82: @usminority Thanks Brandon! Keep it coming! RT @Carrie_Dunfee: @usminority Wow! Somebody is actually doing Something about this! Bravo! Brandon is a true patriot! Thank you, so nice, but we are getting it done anyway! https://t.co/w2fhJK6FmF RT @usminority: ‚ÄúIn January of 2017, I bitterly proclaimed on social media that I would never be able to understand how anybody could vote‚Ä¶ RT @usminority: Thank you to @realDonaldTrump for your incredible acknowledgment &amp; support of #WalkAway back in October. #WalkAway turns 1‚Ä¶ RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Proof it‚Äôs all about emotion to liberals! I‚Äôm not a small guy, and she was afraid of my @realDonaldTrump hat! 

Are You‚Ä¶ ....it is done. These places need your help badly, you can‚Äôt leave fast enough. I‚Äôm sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements! ....and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why don‚Äôt they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how.... So interesting to see ‚ÄúProgressive‚Äù Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly...... A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful! 94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you! ....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective &amp; stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. You‚Äôll see next year! House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul‚Äôs final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, ‚Äúabysmal.‚Äù People like..... RT @BreitbartNews: Joe Biden was caught on camera saying: "We need family separation." 

VIDEO:
https://t.co/sl4Nt7QylD RT @NWS: #Barry will slowly move inland today and continue to produce the following hazards...

-Life-threatening storm surge to coastal ar‚Ä¶ This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us ‚Äúthe insurance policy.‚Äù https://t.co/EEa41Kn6fX RT @JudicialWatch: JW 60 Seconds: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch's latest press release on CA cleaning up 1.5M names on the voter rolls is a step towards cleaner election‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton in @FoxNews: ‚ÄúThe Dems recognize there are issues w/Mueller's testimony. They're trying to protect themselve‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: ‚ÄúThe dossier, used by Mueller to target @realDonaldTrump, should have been investigated by #Mueller if he w‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: ‚ÄúWe are all supposed to pretend that Mueller‚Äôs investigation was legit &amp; it was part of an effort to remove‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: @TomFitton: Why Didn't Mueller Investigate Clinton Campaign Getting Anti-Trump Dirt from Russians? https://t.co/bHMktH5F‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: ‚ÄúThe president should direct the DOJ to re-open the Clinton investigation to reassure Americans that there‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications between the FBI &amp; former FBI Dep‚Ä¶ RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton's breaking news on #Clintonemailscandal: "New testimony shows Obama State Dept hid Clinton emails &amp; then let‚Ä¶ Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wife‚Äôs campaign, while Hillary was under ‚Äúinvestigation‚Äù by FBI! https://t.co/bHweiBBj7z RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that he ra‚Ä¶ RT @senatemajldr: It‚Äôs a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interferenc‚Ä¶ RT @senatemajldr: Increased agency coordination. Millions of dollars in direct aid to state election officials. Updating election systems.‚Ä¶ RT @McConnellPress: At @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell's request the Trump Administration will aid #Kentucky in the War on #AsianCarp by dedi‚Ä¶ RT @thehill: Former Obama Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned that decriminalization would attract hundreds of thousands of new‚Ä¶ RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My latest OpEd read and RTüá∫üá∏

Donald Trump will win the Democratic Party civil war | TheHill https://t.co/NhftUC975e RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Does anyone else remember when Democrats used to oppose illegal immigration? https://t.co/PFfx1guFm7 RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Rick Perry: Now that Ross Perot is gone, I can tell this story | Commentary | Dallas News https://t.co/pWaySYxYLh RT @HawleyMO: .@realDonaldTrump is right: we can‚Äôt just hope Big Tech will behave better. We have to hold them accountable https://t.co/Kt8‚Ä¶ RT @RandPaul: Federal, state, and local law enforcement must work together to enforce our laws and protect our communities.  I applaud @Gov‚Ä¶ RT @VP: CNN is so dishonest. Today we took reporters to a detention facility on the border for families and children and all told us they w‚Ä¶ RT @VP: ignoring the excellent care being provided to families and children. Our great @CBP agents deserve better and the American people d‚Ä¶ RT @THEHermanCain: Thank you to @realDonaldTrump for the invite to the White House Social Media Summit. I enjoyed my time and am grateful f‚Ä¶ RT @Trump: Three of the most spectacular golf courses in the world ‚õ≥ @TrumpGolf

Tune into @GolfChannel next week during @TheOpen to catch‚Ä¶ ‚ÄúMUELLER‚ÄôS PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!‚Äù https://t.co/XTD5f5ZOz2 "EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!" https://t.co/WUNOSKZC6T "BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE" @SeanHannity https://t.co/MUbkCXRpfM Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio! https://t.co/WVp3KeKg8h RT @robbystarbuck: Rep. @Jim_Jordan let‚Äôs loose on all of the elected Democrats in Congress who‚Äôve denied there‚Äôs a crisis at the border an‚Ä¶ RT @parscale: Great to have UNITY in Pennsylvania! We are excited to get to work with @PAGOP Chairman Lawrence Tabas and @TeamTrump Pennsyl‚Ä¶ RT @IvankaTrump: #WGDP is proud to work w/ @USAID to advance women‚Äôs economic empowerment. Thank you @USAIDMarkGreen for your commitment to‚Ä¶ RT @Jim_Jordan: .@RepAndyBiggsAZ is right. For months, Democrats claimed there wasn't even a crisis on the border!

They sure have changed‚Ä¶ Leaving the Great State of Ohio! https://t.co/WTLC1fFzWl The DOW, S&amp;P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high! https://t.co/wPJiM8n7m2 RT @Duffy4Wisconsin: In 2016 Wisconsin came up big for @realDonaldTrump. With him visiting us again today, let's show him how much support‚Ä¶ RT @VP: Earlier this year President @realDonaldTrump declared the border crisis a national emergency and today Mexico is doing more to secu‚Ä¶ RT @VP: Toured the Donna Processing Center with @SecondLady and saw firsthand how even in the face of our overwhelmed facilities, @CBP is p‚Ä¶ Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders &amp; our 2nd A. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men &amp; women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...https://t.co/6jR72cNNPH RT @NHC_Atlantic: As hazardous conditions arrive along the Gulf Coast today with #Barry, get information on local weather and impacts from‚Ä¶ We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I‚Äôm proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp; Bernadette ‚ÄúBernie‚Äù Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp; Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, &amp; do, great UNITY in PA! ....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary. Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation.... Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY! RT @IvankaTrump: #ICYMI: We announced 14 NEW innovative activities in 22 countries impacting 100,000+ women along w/ the private sector.‚Ä¶ RT @Jim_Jordan: "Jordan calls on Democrats to address the crisis, rather than playing politics with the border"

https://t.co/jSnbq6gtak Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends! .....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency &amp; subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S. ....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,... When you are the big ‚Äúpiggy bank‚Äù that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get...... @SebGorka Wins Big, No Contest! The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy! RT @GOPLeader: President @realDonaldTrump's #SocialMediaSummit was a very important event. Conservatives will NOT be silenced, and American‚Ä¶ RT @HawleyMO: Just came from the White House Social Media Summit where I had chance to stand alongside @realDonaldTrump and talk about why‚Ä¶ RT @UnplannedMovie: What's it like being a film whose social media platforms were totally shut down because owners didn't like the implicat‚Ä¶ RT @prageru: .@DanCrenshawTX highlighting Big Tech censorship of conservatives at the White House Social Media Summit. https://t.co/sC2mdpV‚Ä¶ RT @RobertBluey: Grateful to attend today‚Äôs #SocialMediaSummit with 250 other digital leaders, members of Congress &amp; Cabinet secretaries wh‚Ä¶ RT @mitchellvii: Amazing meeting guys. Up close and personal with the President. Such a down to earth nice guy. Internet as been dicey in h‚Ä¶ RT @JamesOKeefeIII: .@realDonaldTrump: He's not controversial, he's truthful. He's truthful. https://t.co/5dRXcLpImh RT @LilaGraceRose: Big Tech CEOs have testified before Congress that their social platforms don‚Äôt discriminate based on ‚Äúpolitical viewpoin‚Ä¶ Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane! https://t.co/FPNhslghzd RT @IWV: ü§≥ iPhones fully charged (‚úÖ) at the @WhiteHouse #SocialMediaSummitüá∫üá∏ https://t.co/SlJOM1j0aT RT @TexanGalCindy: #FakeNewsCNN mired in a credibility crisis as ratings continue to collapse
#BoycottCNN
#BoycottCNN
#FakeNewsCNN
#WakeUpA‚Ä¶ RT @WhiteHouse: "I'm hereby ordering every department and agency in the Federal Government, to provide the Department of Commerce with all‚Ä¶ RT @carrieksada: These protests are not spontaneous, they're pre manufactured by OFA. Watch Sperry w/ @LouDobbs #Charlottesville 
https://t‚Ä¶ RT @realDonaldTrump: #SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse https://t.co/Z7tlvC3QUN RT @TrumpWarRoom: Democrats on the House Oversight Committee tweeted a photo of children in cages in an attempt politicize the border crisi‚Ä¶ RT @SteveScalise: There are no moderates left in the Democrat party. It's liberals vs. socialists now...and the socialists are winning. How‚Ä¶ RT @RepDougCollins: After Dems denied the #BorderCrisis for months, Nadler today claims there's "child abuse" &amp; "negligent homicide &amp; syste‚Ä¶ Interesting! https://t.co/Ttwa6mymGr RT @parscale: #PromisesKept https://t.co/D1Sxb8MlV0 RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Don‚Äôt worry the media will cover for them as always. https://t.co/6lNCYpgBu2 RT @PAChamber: Trade with Canada and Mexico supports more than 12 million American jobs in every state in the Union. In fact, 49 U.S. state‚Ä¶ RT @LtGovHusted: ‚ÄúWe have a technology infused economy. We need a trade deal that represents that,‚Äù - Lt. Governor @JonHusted encouraging q‚Ä¶ RT @JayTimmonsNAM: USMCA passage is critical to manufacturers in America. @ShopfloorNAM will continue to work with Congress and the @WhiteH‚Ä¶ Thank you! https://t.co/0EFV8qa9a3 ....He had the Majority &amp; blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn‚Äôt get him out of Congress fast enough! ....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that‚Äôs the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn‚Äôt know how to Win. They gave me standing O‚Äôs in the Great State of Wisconsin, &amp; booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, &amp; failed (happening anyway!)...... Paul Ryan, the failed V.P. candidate &amp; former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President), ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser &amp; leader...... Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH! https://t.co/M1KKBFic4A RT @USCG: Earlier today, the @VP welcomed back CGC Munro from patrol as they offloaded $569 million of cocaine in San Diego. 

If you misse‚Ä¶ RT @USCG: Thank you to @POTUS and all who came out yesterday to our Nation's Capital #IndependenceDay celebration. Happy 243rd Birthday Ame‚Ä¶ #SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse https://t.co/Z7tlvC3QUN Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation ‚Äì you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit https://t.co/iWePOOhLgp ...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar! ....Similarly, Facebook Libra‚Äôs ‚Äúvirtual currency‚Äù will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National... I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity.... To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp; loved ones from flooding &amp; the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA, State &amp; Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared, be careful, &amp; be SAFE! Today, I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency, more accountability, and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit 
https://t.co/i6th5qtfAj ...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media! ...years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That‚Äôs why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman... ...The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six... A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period.. So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER! ‚ÄúIt seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!‚Äù @BillHemmer @FoxNews Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon! Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media! ....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was ‚Äúdone‚Äù after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday! Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly...... Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called ‚ÄúKids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,‚Äù because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends ....And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others! The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn‚Äôt use many banks because the banks didn‚Äôt like me. No, I didn‚Äôt use many banks because I didn‚Äôt (don‚Äôt) need their money (old fashioned, isn‚Äôt it?). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get. ....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, you‚Äôve got to give the President an A Plus for that.‚Äù  Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders! Robert Johnson, B.E.T. ‚ÄúI give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that‚Äôs benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U.S. Economy, and you look at..... ....months, the lowest since 1972.‚Äù The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle ‚ÄúNearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six..... The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA! The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship. RT @KTHopkins: God-willing / jihadi-failing I am going to be alive to see
 
Trump in the White House 
Boris in Number 10
Netanyahu building‚Ä¶ THANK YOU BILL! https://t.co/ToNeu9OGuM Thank you so much @JonVoight!
https://t.co/7aj57QH57l ....Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USA‚Äôs truly great companies! I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there.... Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Today, on this ‚ÄúUSMCA Day of Action,‚Äù thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers, more economic growth, and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers, ranchers, and businesses. #USMCAnow https://t.co/sYMhKSDu5w Thank you Robert Johnson! https://t.co/kE4W2m9OoM My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order, Advancing American Kidney Health...https://t.co/tAlFdDSTUU ....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!). Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don‚Äôt make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of..... RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/4c8wlQzrlF Iran has long been secretly ‚Äúenriching,‚Äù in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially! The Dems Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/jHEPN84IGK RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder: not only are prominent Democrats calling to decriminalize border crossings‚Äîevery single Democrat on the secon‚Ä¶ RT @marklevinshow: Once again, CNN comes to the defense of rabid anti-Semite Ilhan Omar https://t.co/XNuN4HC4vj ....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, he‚Äôs a Businessman. Because he‚Äôs a great businessman, he‚Äôs pushing for lives to be better.‚Äù Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech ‚ÄúOur company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House &amp; the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we‚Äôve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has..... ‚ÄúFBI‚Äôs Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel &amp; Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.‚Äù John Solomon, The Hill. @seanhannity ‚ÄúThe reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....‚Äù @RudyGiuliani https://t.co/tMyNEPppm6 https://t.co/HJYYPsJ3Mf https://t.co/4c8wlQzrlF So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won‚Äôt let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first? More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their ‚ÄúEnemy.‚Äù They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don‚Äôt care who gets hurt, but also don‚Äôt understand that two can play that game! ....to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (‚ÄúDeplorables‚Äù) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot! A truly great, patriotic &amp; charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don‚Äôt want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed.... ....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!! Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th.... After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar, @TamimBinHamad, it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon! https://t.co/SB9DGA7dgo RT @RepMarkMeadows: This was amazing news from over the weekend ‚Äî 224,000 jobs created in June, blowing away expectations of 160,000 jobs!‚Ä¶ RT @RepMarkMeadows: Barr is absolutely right about the Mueller testimony being a public spectacle... that‚Äôs all it ever was. 

Democrats' M‚Ä¶ ....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President‚Äôs most important decision. SO TRUE! Recent ‚Äústrained‚Äù decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, ‚ÄúAre you a citizen of the United States‚Äù on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the world‚Äôs most expensive &amp; pathetic...... India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable! Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN ‚ÄúWith President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he‚Äôs going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.‚Äù Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends ‚ÄúI agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.‚Äù  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up! ....and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President! ...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don‚Äôt know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp; Military  anywhere in the World, by far... The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was... Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing! It's a time zone change on December 31st in Shanghai.

See [this
page](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/clockchange.html?n=237&year=1927)
for details of 1927 in Shanghai. Basically at midnight at the end of 1927, the
clocks went back 5 minutes and 52 seconds. So "1927-12-31 23:54:08" actually
happened twice, and it looks like Java is parsing it as the _later_ possible
instant for that local date/time - hence the difference.

Just another episode in the often weird and wonderful world of time zones.

**EDIT:** Stop press! History changes...

The original question would no longer demonstrate quite the same behaviour, if
rebuilt with version 2013a of
[TZDB](https://github.com/nodatime/nodatime/blob/master/src/NodaTime.Demo/StackOverflowExamples.cs#L68).
In 2013a, the result would be 358 seconds, with a transition time of 23:54:03
instead of 23:54:08.

I only noticed this because I'm collecting questions like this in Noda Time,
in the form of [unit
tests](https://github.com/nodatime/nodatime/blob/master/src/NodaTime.Demo/StackOverflowExamples.cs#L68)...
The test has now been changed, but it just goes to show - not even historical
data is safe.

**EDIT:** History has changed again...

In TZDB 2014f, the time of the change has moved to 1900-12-31, and it's now a
mere 343 second change (so the time between `t` and `t+1` is 344 seconds, if
you see what I mean).

**EDIT:** To answer a question around a transition at 1900... it looks like
the Java timezone implementation treats _all_ time zones as simply being in
their standard time for any instant before the start of 1900 UTC:

    
    
    import java.util.TimeZone;
    
    public class Test {
        public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {
            long startOf1900Utc = -2208988800000L;
            for (String id : TimeZone.getAvailableIDs()) {
                TimeZone zone = TimeZone.getTimeZone(id);
                if (zone.getRawOffset() != zone.getOffset(startOf1900Utc - 1)) {
                    System.out.println(id);
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

The code above produces no output on my Windows machine. So any time zone
which has any offset other than its standard one at the start of 1900 will
count that as a transition. TZDB itself has some data going back earlier than
that, and doesn't rely on any idea of a "fixed" standard time (which is what
`getRawOffset` assumes to be a valid concept) so other libraries needn't
introduce this artificial transition.

 **Strings are immutable**. That means once you've created the `String`, if
another process can dump memory, there's no way (aside from
[reflection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflection_%28computer_programming%29))
you can get rid of the data before [garbage
collection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_%28computer_science%29)
kicks in.

With an array, you can explicitly wipe the data after you're done with it. You
can overwrite the array with anything you like, and the password won't be
present anywhere in the system, even before garbage collection.

So yes, this _is_ a security concern - but even using `char[]` only reduces
the window of opportunity for an attacker, and it's only for this specific
type of attack.

As noted in the comments, it's possible that arrays being moved by the garbage
collector will leave stray copies of the data in memory. I believe this is
implementation-specific - the garbage collector _may_ clear all memory as it
goes, to avoid this sort of thing. Even if it does, there's still the time
during which the `char[]` contains the actual characters as an attack window.

 Just for the sake of completeness, here's a brain dump of related
information...

As others have noted, `string` is an alias for `System.String`. They compile
to the same code, so at execution time there is no difference whatsoever. This
is just one of the aliases in C#. The complete list is:

    
    
    object:  System.Object
    string:  System.String
    bool:    System.Boolean
    byte:    System.Byte
    sbyte:   System.SByte
    short:   System.Int16
    ushort:  System.UInt16
    int:     System.Int32
    uint:    System.UInt32
    long:    System.Int64
    ulong:   System.UInt64
    float:   System.Single
    double:  System.Double
    decimal: System.Decimal
    char:    System.Char
    

Apart from `string` and `object`, the aliases are all to value types.
`decimal` is a value type, but not a primitive type in the CLR. The only
primitive type which doesn't have an alias is `System.IntPtr`.

In the spec, the value type aliases are known as "simple types". Literals can
be used for constant values of every simple type; no other value types have
literal forms available. (Compare this with VB, which allows `DateTime`
literals, and has an alias for it too.)

There is one circumstance in which you _have_ to use the aliases: when
explicitly specifying an enum's underlying type. For instance:

    
    
    public enum Foo : UInt32 {} // Invalid
    public enum Bar : uint   {} // Valid
    

That's just a matter of the way the spec defines enum declarations - the part
after the colon has to be the _integral-type_ production, which is one token
of `sbyte`, `byte`, `short`, `ushort`, `int`, `uint`, `long`, `ulong`,
`char`... as opposed to a _type_ production as used by variable declarations
for example. It doesn't indicate any other difference.

Finally, when it comes to which to use: personally I use the aliases
everywhere for the implementation, but the CLR type for any APIs. It really
doesn't matter too much which you use in terms of implementation - consistency
among your team is nice, but no-one else is going to care. On the other hand,
it's genuinely important that if you refer to a type in an API, you do so in a
language neutral way. A method called `ReadInt32` is unambiguous, whereas a
method called `ReadInt` requires interpretation. The caller could be using a
language which defines an `int` alias for `Int16`, for example. The .NET
framework designers have followed this pattern, good examples being in the
`BitConverter`, `BinaryReader` and `Convert` classes.

 Yes, it is possible:

    
    
    public class Foo {
        private int x;
    
        public Foo() {
            this(1);
        }
    
        public Foo(int x) {
            this.x = x;
        }
    }
    

To chain to a particular superclass constructor instead of one in the same
class, use `super` instead of `this`. Note that **you can only chain to one
constructor** , and **it has to be the first statement in your constructor
body**.

See also [this related question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/284896),
which is about C# but where the same principles apply.

 # C# language version history:

These are the [versions of C#](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-
us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-version-history) known about at the time of
this writing:

  * **C# 1.0** released with .NET 1.0 and VS2002 (January 2002)
  * **C# 1.2** (bizarrely enough); released with .NET 1.1 and VS2003 (April 2003). First version to call `Dispose` on `IEnumerator`s which implemented `IDisposable`. A few other small features.
  * **C# 2.0** released with .NET 2.0 and VS2005 (November 2005). Major new features: generics, anonymous methods, nullable types, iterator blocks
  * **C# 3.0** released with .NET 3.5 and VS2008 (November 2007). Major new features: lambda expressions, extension methods, expression trees, anonymous types, implicit typing (`var`), query expressions
  * **C# 4.0** released with .NET 4 and VS2010 (April 2010). Major new features: late binding (`dynamic`), delegate and interface generic variance, more COM support, named arguments, tuple data type and optional parameters
  * **C# 5.0** released with .NET 4.5 and VS2012 (August 2012). [Major features](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/csharpfaq/archive/2012/02/29/visual-studio-11-beta-is-here.aspx): async programming, caller info attributes. Breaking change: [loop variable closure](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/ericlippert/archive/2009/11/16/closing-over-the-loop-variable-part-two.aspx).
  * **C# 6.0** released with .NET 4.6 and VS2015 (July 2015). Implemented by [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn). [Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-6): initializers for automatically implemented properties, using directives to import static members, exception filters, element initializers, `await` in `catch` and `finally`, extension `Add` methods in collection initializers.
  * **C# 7.0** released with .NET 4.7 and VS2017 (March 2017) Major [new features](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7): [tuples](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#tuples), [ref locals and ref return](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#ref-locals-and-returns), [pattern matching](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#pattern-matching) (including pattern-based switch statements), [inline `out` parameter declarations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#out-variables), [local functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#local-functions), [binary literals, digit separators](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#numeric-literal-syntax-improvements), and [arbitrary async returns](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-7#generalized-async-return-types).
  * **C# 7.1** released with VS2017 v15.3 (August 2017) New features: [async main](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/97), [tuple member name inference](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/415), [default expression](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/102), [pattern matching with generics](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/154).
  * **C# 7.2** released with VS2017 v15.5 (November 2017) New features: [private protected access modifier](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/37), [Span<T>, aka interior pointer, aka stackonly struct](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/issues/666), [everything else](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/milestone/6).
  * **C# 7.3** released with VS2017 v15.7 (May 2018). New features: [enum, delegate and `unmanaged` generic type constraints](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/seteplia/2018/06/12/dissecting-new-generics-constraints-in-c-7-3/). `ref` reassignment. Unsafe improvements: `stackalloc` initialization, unpinned indexed `fixed` buffers, custom `fixed` statements. Improved overloading resolution. Expression variables in initializers and queries. `==` and `!=` defined for tuples. Auto-properties' backing fields can now be targeted by attributes.
  * **C# 8.0** currently in preview, a [beta version](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/releases/2019/release-notes?view=vs-2019#c) available with VS2019 v16.0 (April 2019). [Expected new features](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/blob/master/docs/Language%20Feature%20Status.md): [Non-nullable reference-types](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/mt829270.aspx), `IAsyncEnumerable<T>` support, Ranges, and default interface methods.

## In response to the OP's question:

> What are the correct version numbers for C#? What came out when? Why can't I
find any answers about C# 3.5?

There is no such thing as C# 3.5 - the cause of confusion here is that the C#
3.0 is present in .NET 3.5. The language and framework are versioned
independently, however - as is the CLR, which is at version 2.0 for .NET 2.0
through 3.5, .NET 4 introducing CLR 4.0, service packs notwithstanding. The
CLR in .NET 4.5 has various improvements, but the versioning is unclear: in
some places it may be referred to as CLR 4.5 ([this MSDN
page](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb822049.aspx) used to refer to
it that way, for example), but the
[`Environment.Version`](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-
us/library/system.environment.version.aspx) property still reports 4.0.xxx.

As of May 3, 2017, the C# Language Team created a history of C# versions and
features on their github repo: [Features Added in C# Language
Versions](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/Language-Version-
History.md). There is also [a page that tracks upcoming and recently
implemented language
features](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/blob/master/docs/Language%20Feature%20Status.md).

 What are the correct version numbers for C#? What came out when? Why can't I
find any answers about **_C# 3.5_**?

This question is primarily to aid those who are searching for an answer using
an incorrect version number, e.g. **_C# 3.5_**. The hope is that anyone
failing to find an answer with the wrong version number will find _this_
question and then search again with the right version number.

 Like other answerers, I'd definitely _prefer_ to put the loops in a different
method, at which point you can just return to stop iterating completely. This
answer just shows how the requirements in the question can be met.

You can use `break` with a label for the outer loop. For example:

    
    
    public class Test {
        public static void main(String[] args) {
            outerloop:
            for (int i=0; i < 5; i++) {
                for (int j=0; j < 5; j++) {
                    if (i * j > 6) {
                        System.out.println("Breaking");
                        break outerloop;
                    }
                    System.out.println(i + " " + j);
                }
            }
            System.out.println("Done");
        }
    }
    

This prints:

    
    
    0 0
    0 1
    0 2
    0 3
    0 4
    1 0
    1 1
    1 2
    1 3
    1 4
    2 0
    2 1
    2 2
    2 3
    Breaking
    Done
    

 `float` and `double` are [floating _binary_ point
types](http://csharpindepth.com/Articles/General/FloatingPoint.aspx). In other
words, they represent a number like this:

    
    
    10001.10010110011
    

The binary number and the location of the binary point are both encoded within
the value.

`decimal` is a [floating _decimal_ point
type](http://csharpindepth.com/Articles/General/Decimal.aspx). In other words,
they represent a number like this:

    
    
    12345.65789
    

Again, the number and the location of the _decimal_ point are both encoded
within the value ‚Äì that's what makes `decimal` still a floating point type
instead of a fixed point type.

The important thing to note is that humans are used to representing non-
integers in a decimal form, and expect exact results in decimal
representations; not all decimal numbers are exactly representable in binary
floating point ‚Äì 0.1, for example ‚Äì so if you use a binary floating point
value you'll actually get an approximation to 0.1. You'll still get
approximations when using a floating decimal point as well ‚Äì the result of
dividing 1 by 3 can't be exactly represented, for example.

As for what to use when:

  * For values which are "naturally exact decimals" it's good to use `decimal`. This is usually suitable for any concepts invented by humans: financial values are the most obvious example, but there are others too. Consider the score given to divers or ice skaters, for example.

  * For values which are more artefacts of nature which can't really be measured _exactly_ anyway, `float`/`double` are more appropriate. For example, scientific data would usually be represented in this form. Here, the original values won't be "decimally accurate" to start with, so it's not important for the expected results to maintain the "decimal accuracy". Floating binary point types are much faster to work with than decimals.

 The docs for
[`java.io.Serializable`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/io/Serializable.html)
are probably about as good an explanation as you'll get:

> The serialization runtime associates with each serializable class a version
number, called a `serialVersionUID`, which is used during deserialization to
verify that the sender and receiver of a serialized object have loaded classes
for that object that are compatible with respect to serialization. If the
receiver has loaded a class for the object that has a different
`serialVersionUID` than that of the corresponding sender's class, then
deserialization will result in an
[`InvalidClassException`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/docs/api/java.base/java/io/InvalidClassException.html).
A serializable class can declare its own `serialVersionUID` explicitly by
declaring a field named `serialVersionUID` that must be static, final, and of
type `long`:

>  
>  
>     ANY-ACCESS-MODIFIER static final long serialVersionUID = 42L;

>  
>

> If a serializable class does not explicitly declare a `serialVersionUID`,
then the serialization runtime will calculate a default `serialVersionUID`
value for that class based on various aspects of the class, as described in
the Java(TM) Object Serialization Specification. However, it is _strongly
recommended_ that all serializable classes explicitly declare
`serialVersionUID` values, since the default `serialVersionUID` computation is
highly sensitive to class details that may vary depending on compiler
implementations, and can thus result in unexpected `InvalidClassExceptions`
during deserialization. Therefore, to guarantee a consistent
`serialVersionUID` value across different java compiler implementations, a
serializable class must declare an explicit `serialVersionUID` value. It is
also strongly advised that explicit `serialVersionUID` declarations use the
private modifier where possible, since such declarations apply only to the
immediately declaring class `serialVersionUID` fields are not useful as
inherited members.

 From [RFC 3986](http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3986.txt):

> A URI can be further classified as a locator, a name, or both. The term
"Uniform Resource Locator" (URL) refers to the subset of URIs that, in
addition to identifying a resource, provide a means of locating the resource
by describing its primary access mechanism (e.g., its network "location"). The
term "Uniform Resource Name" (URN) has been used historically to refer to both
URIs under the "urn" scheme[ [RFC2141]](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2141.txt),
which are required to remain globally unique and persistent even when the
resource ceases to exist or becomes unavailable, and to any other URI with the
properties of a name.

So all URLs are URIs (actually not quite - see below), and all URNs are URIs -
but URNs and URLs are different, so you can't say that all URIs are URLs.

EDIT: I had previously thought that all URLs are valid URIs, but as per
comments:

> **Not** "all URLs are URIs". It depends on the interpretation of the RFC.
For example in Java the URI parser does not like `[` or `]` and that's because
the spec says "should not" and not "shall not".

So that muddies the waters further, unfortunately.

If you haven't already read [Roger Pate's
answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/1984225/22656), I'd advise doing so as
well.

 Mod from this subreddit removing my post with 58k upvotes just because the mod thought it was fake. And no. I'm not bluring out the name.  Interesting how the duck slides on ice  I'm back again with unfortunately more trash  Imagine being this trashy  I recently got some plants, thought you guys would enjoy. Also any recommendations on plants that dont have crowns?  New scape in the 36 bowfront  I just got some plants today for the first time, goodbye fake plants hello natural plants. ;)  I accidentally got fish that get 6 inches (scissortail rasboras) for my 36 gallon bowfront üò≠üò≠ [removed] I've never had much of an interest of art cause I lacked skill. I looked up some tutorials on spray paint art and now this is my new passion  New scissortail rasboras sitting in corner for 4 hours? Why? I also got an apistogramma and he is doing amazing  I learned how to do spray paint art  Aquarium Hobbyists? I wanna know if some fellow teenagers love to keep fish, lmk in the comments! üôÇ Newbie to shrimp  Nobody asked but I hit 333 karma today  Newbie here I'm setting up a 10 gallon with a 50 watt heater and crappy but works lights. Someone wanna tell me what I should get? Ammonia .25 ppm , what do I do?!?  New to plants Spending about 50 CAD this weekend on plants for my 36 gallon bowfront. Anyone have any suggestions for plants? How do I keep plants? How do I make sure there are no pests on them? Good stocking list for a 36 bowfront with an AC 70 30 Embers

3 Sparkling Gourami

10 Corydoras

3 platies

&#x200B;

If any of you guys wanna give me a new stocking list, go for it. Are Lorento Tetra uncommon? I have the opportunity to get Lorento Tetra this year. They only get 2 shipments in a year. Are they rare? Do any of you guys have them? Cycled tank? I have 5 fish in it currently  How common are loreto tetras?  I'm gonna cry. Please tell me this isnt bad...  About a year and a bit ago I got my first 10 gallon. Had a garbage filter, had garbage stocking, never took advice from anyone except for articles. It was really crappy... But here about a year and a bit later i'm going to get fish, plants and aquascaping supplies this weekend for my 36 bowfront.  Say you buy a car. You're going to see that same model of car everywhere. That's because it's at the front of your mind.

If you're currently thinking negatively. Practice to think positively. If you're thinking positively, your mind will put it forward and you'll be happier. 

Now if you've just given up and not trying to think positively, you're going to think negatively all the time because your mind put it forward.

So try thinking positively. Have a good day and happy summer. Discussion [removed] Easy to do biotope? I wanna do a biotope for my 36 gallon bowfront. I have a list of things I dont wanna do.

Get a better light (I got one with the Aqueon 36 Bowfront kit)

Have a c02 system

I want low tech plants... have any suggestions?

Edit: also I dont want any black water biotopes. Have another sunset üòÑ  Dont know if this counts  Old train bridge at sunset.  Temporary scape for my 36 bowfront. Once I get plants and hardscape itll look amazing. So for now. Rate my tank on a scale of meme to awesome lol  